feat!: remove the replica (#4229)
dfinity/sdk: CHANGELOG.md

# UNRELEASED

### feat!: remove the 'native' replica

> The native replica is no longer bundled with dfx; dfx only uses PocketIC for local networks. Accordingly the `dfx start --replica` and `dfx info replica-port` flags no longer function. See the [migration guide](./docs/migration/dfx-0.27.0-migration-guide.md) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The native replica is no longer bundled with dfx; dfx only uses PocketIC for local networks. Accordingly `dfx start --replica` and `dfx info replica-port` now report an error. See the [migration guide](./docs/migration/dfx-0.27.0-migration-guide.md) for more information.
```
